Let me show you around the ship
Compass Deck
radar scanners, and the funnel back
there. antennas everywhere.. antennas...
antennas..
Heading down into the bridge
The ship has a computer system which connects all the essential machinery and equipment together
Most important equipment of course is the coffee machine
We also coordinate all the ship activities from here, so
literally we are in the command center
of the ship.
Aye aye Captain!
The accomodation has many floors
All of them have some cabins and facilities. To get
around we can use the elevator or we use the
stairs. Our ship has nine floors which we
call "decks". The higher ranking officer
lives in the upper decks, the crew lives in the lower decks. Follow me and I'll show you around each deck.
This is a standard size cabin, we have our own fridge, a queen size bed, a couch, a coffee
table
our own bathroom, a desk, computer is not included. Some facilities we have our
Karaoke Room
Library
Recreation Room
Ping pong room
A Basketball court
Mini Gym
Two laundry rooms and two drying rooms
Bonded Store
Why is the rum always gone?
Vegetable room
Meat room
Fish room
Cook: My goodness...
Galley
This is our duty messroom
Here we have the officer's messroom
The officer's pantry
Into the galley again, this is our chief cook
His cooking oil / sauces, and on the left side here we have his cooking equipment.
This is the crew's pantry
And lastly, the crew's messroom
And outside here is the lifeboat
Conference room
Ship's Office
Emergency Headquarters
Changing locker
And now i'll bring you guys out to the main deck
Moving towards the aft we have the aft station
The big drums are hydraulic mooring winches
And the small round blocks are bollards and bits
Here you can see the wash from our propellers
Now we will start heading towards the forward station.
Our ship is 323 meters long so at normal
walking speed it takes about 4 to 5 minutes
to get from the aft to forward station
So even though we are speeding up right now, it still takes a long time
here is our one additional life raft at the forward
at the forawrd station now you can see the white forawrd mast
and then this is our anchor, the hawsepipe
This enormous thing is our spare anchor
The shackle is twice the size of my hand!
Head on up onto a lashing bridge
Our ship has 20 lashing bridges and 9 cargo holds
These lashing bridges and cargo holds are used to securely store containers
through the watertight door now we're heading
towards the engine room. We're using the
underdeck passage which runs underneath the main
deck so it is also 323 meters long
This is our 68,000 kilo-watt main engine. If the bridge is the brain of the ship then the
main engine will be the heart, it not only
propelles our ship but also provide the whole
ship with electricity
Our massive steering gear with two hydraulics
And.. that wraps up the tour for my ship,
Hope you liked it!
Cya next time! OH and dont forget to subscribe for more content!